docs: add SECURITY.md to the repository (#1103)
canonical/bundle-kubeflow: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Supported Versions

The Charmed Kubeflow project releases with a cadence of ~6 months, supports the latest two minor versions of Kubeflow, and keeps up to date with the upstream project. Whenever a new version of Kubeflow is released, a new version of Charmed Kubeflow is also released, and the oldest version is dropped from support. Please also to [Supported versions](https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/supported-versions) for details on the actual versions.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a security issue, file a [Private Security Report](https://github.com/canonical/bundle-kubeflow/security/advisories/new) with a description of the issue, the steps you took to create the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for the issue.

Reviewer: I think this needs some rewording, here's a suggestion but feel free to edit as you like
```suggestion
To report a security issue, file a [Private Security Report](https://github.com/canonical/bundle-kubeflow/security/advisories/new) with a description of the issue, the steps you took that led to the issue, affected versions, and, if known, mitigations for the issue.
```
